Israel is a country where military sub
conscription is mandatory and at times
like these following the Hamas terrorist
attack a lot of young Israelis are being
called up to the front line for the
first time this involves significant
risk of course which is a source of
great concern for their parents and
loved ones DWS Ben fulan met families
waiting for their sons and daughters to
return from service we can't reveal
their full names or locations due to
security reasons
orchestrating an army of
volunteers Israeli American mother of
four Karen is in charge
here 1,500 meals a day feeding evacuees
from communities close to the fighting
as well as troops on the
front her 20-year-old son is one of them
this is the only thing that distract me
from thinking of him and bad
thoughts the pictures going around the
world are especially hard for Karen to
watch her son is part of an elite combat
unit he's been on the ground in Gaza
since day
one she's only heard back from him a
couple times over the stretch of a
month she says this is her contribution
to the war effort it's amazing it's
amazing the the feeling that you do
something behind the scene um it helps a
lot mentally physic everything it's like
you wake up in the morning and you have
something to do because as of now the
whole country is like on
hold all parents in Israel know that
their children must do military service
but that doesn't make the sacrifice any
easier for Karen Knights are the
toughest I ask her what goes through her
head everything everything that that you
want from sadness to happiness to Proud
to No Sleep thoughts and I'm like
getting
emotional um it's a difficult
feeling Karen yearns to hear from her
son but dreads a call from the
military she says no news is good
news